README.md, before:

# Welcome!
Welcome to [Operation Code](https://github.com/OperationCode) and thank you for your interest in contributing. Everything Operation Code does is open source. We've got quite a few repos, and we understand that can be overwhelming, so you can use this list to learn what the main applications are, and what languages they use. In addition to any of these projects you can join our slack channel \#oc-projects to learn how to contribute.

## Operation Code Challenge

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Purpose</th>
    <td>A challenge for participating with <a href="https://operationcode.org">operationcode.org</a> and getting help with available resources</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <td> You can contribute to a project in any language or modify a current project with the language you prefer. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <td> Open choice depending on the project</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <th>Link</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/OC_Challenge">Github Repo</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Open Source Maintenance Policy

You can find our official [Open Source Maintenance Policy](open_source_maintenance_policy.md) in this repo.  

## OperationCode Backend

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Purpose</th>
    <td>The backend API for <a href="https://operationcode.org">operationcode.org</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_backend/search?l=ruby">Ruby<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <td>Rails</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <th>Link</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_backend">Github Repo</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## OperationCode Frontend

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Purpose</th>
    <td>The frontend for <a href="https://operationcode.org">operationcode.org</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_frontend/search?l=javascript">Javascript<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <td>React</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <th>Link</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_frontend">Github Repo</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Town Crier
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Purpose</th>
    <td>Slack bot with a <code>cron</code> like interface to notify members of Operation Code opportunities  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/town-crier/search?l=javascript">Javascript<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <td>node.js</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <th>Link</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/town-crier">Github Repo</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## OperationCode Bot

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Purpose</th>
    <td>Slack bot for dealing with slack events. Primarily used to display interactive slack messages to create a menu-like interface</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_bot/search?l=ruby">Ruby<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <td>Sinatra</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <th>Link</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_bot">Github Repo</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## OperationCodePyBot

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Purpose</th>
    <td>Slack python bot for dealing with slack events. Primary use for interacting with new members. Currently in initial development stages.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operation_code_pybot/search?l=python">Python<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <td>Sinatra</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <th>Link</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operation_code_pybot">Github Repo</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## OperationCode Slash Commands

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Purpose</th>
    <td>Slack bot that allows users to get information via slack's slash command UI (eg <code>/events<code>)  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_slashbot/search?l=javascript">Javascript<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <td>node.js</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <th>Link</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_slash_commands ">Github Repo</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Opentroops Projects
Various open source projects with veteran and military-affiliated contributors, and projects supporting military social issues.

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Link</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>National Veterans Job Platform</td>
    <td>One job one veteran at a time</td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/codeforamerica/JobOps">JobOps Github<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Department of Veterans Affairs Developer Area</td>
    <td>This is a repository of APIs and data related to the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). These APIs, data, tools and resources are intended to provide developers with what they need to develop web and mobile applications, design data visualizations and stories using resources from the VA.</td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/va-data/va-developer">VaDeveloper Github<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Department of Veterans Affairs Repo</td>
    <td>Beta version of vets.gov</td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs">Vets.gov Github<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mil-OSS</td>
    <td>Repo for <a href="http://www.mil-oss.org/">mil-oss</a>, a group dedicated to utilizing & developing open technologies for national defense</td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/mil-oss">mil-oss Github<a/></td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td><a href="startups.vet">startups.vet</a> data analyzation</td>
    <td>Project to analyze veteran entrepreneurship data from <a href="startups.vet">startups.vet</a></td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/ronrihoo/startups-dot-vet-data">Github<a/></td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Veteran-led Companies Database</td>
    <td>Project to collect data on veteran-owned companies</td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/billy22g/veteran_companies">Veteran Companies Github<a/></td>
  </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

Add link to form for PR stickers

README.md, after:

# Welcome!
Welcome to [Operation Code](https://github.com/OperationCode) and thank you for your interest in contributing. Everything Operation Code does is open source. We've got quite a few repos, and we understand that can be overwhelming, so you can use this list to learn what the main applications are, and what languages they use. In addition to any of these projects, you can join our Slack channel \#oc-projects to learn how to contribute. Once your first PR (pull request) contribution is accepted, please fill out [this form](https://goo.gl/forms/dxbEmwMuGRrJudeK2) to get your sticker!


## Operation Code Challenge

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Purpose</th>
    <td>A challenge for participating with <a href="https://operationcode.org">operationcode.org</a> and getting help with available resources</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <td> You can contribute to a project in any language or modify a current project with the language you prefer. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <td> Open choice depending on the project</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <th>Link</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/OC_Challenge">Github Repo</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Open Source Maintenance Policy

You can find our official [Open Source Maintenance Policy](open_source_maintenance_policy.md) in this repo.  

## OperationCode Backend

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Purpose</th>
    <td>The backend API for <a href="https://operationcode.org">operationcode.org</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_backend/search?l=ruby">Ruby<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <td>Rails</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <th>Link</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_backend">Github Repo</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## OperationCode Frontend

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Purpose</th>
    <td>The frontend for <a href="https://operationcode.org">operationcode.org</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_frontend/search?l=javascript">Javascript<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <td>React</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <th>Link</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_frontend">Github Repo</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Town Crier
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Purpose</th>
    <td>Slack bot with a <code>cron</code> like interface to notify members of Operation Code opportunities  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/town-crier/search?l=javascript">Javascript<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <td>node.js</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <th>Link</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/town-crier">Github Repo</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## OperationCode Bot

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Purpose</th>
    <td>Slack bot for dealing with slack events. Primarily used to display interactive slack messages to create a menu-like interface</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_bot/search?l=ruby">Ruby<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <td>Sinatra</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <th>Link</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_bot">Github Repo</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## OperationCodePyBot

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Purpose</th>
    <td>Slack python bot for dealing with slack events. Primary use for interacting with new members. Currently in initial development stages.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operation_code_pybot/search?l=python">Python<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <td>Sinatra</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <th>Link</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operation_code_pybot">Github Repo</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## OperationCode Slash Commands

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Purpose</th>
    <td>Slack bot that allows users to get information via slack's slash command UI (eg <code>/events<code>)  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_slashbot/search?l=javascript">Javascript<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <td>node.js</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <th>Link</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_slash_commands ">Github Repo</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Opentroops Projects
Various open source projects with veteran and military-affiliated contributors, and projects supporting military social issues.

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Link</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>National Veterans Job Platform</td>
    <td>One job one veteran at a time</td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/codeforamerica/JobOps">JobOps Github<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Department of Veterans Affairs Developer Area</td>
    <td>This is a repository of APIs and data related to the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). These APIs, data, tools and resources are intended to provide developers with what they need to develop web and mobile applications, design data visualizations and stories using resources from the VA.</td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/va-data/va-developer">VaDeveloper Github<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Department of Veterans Affairs Repo</td>
    <td>Beta version of vets.gov</td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs">Vets.gov Github<a/></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mil-OSS</td>
    <td>Repo for <a href="http://www.mil-oss.org/">mil-oss</a>, a group dedicated to utilizing & developing open technologies for national defense</td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/mil-oss">mil-oss Github<a/></td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td><a href="startups.vet">startups.vet</a> data analyzation</td>
    <td>Project to analyze veteran entrepreneurship data from <a href="startups.vet">startups.vet</a></td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/ronrihoo/startups-dot-vet-data">Github<a/></td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Veteran-led Companies Database</td>
    <td>Project to collect data on veteran-owned companies</td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/billy22g/veteran_companies">Veteran Companies Github<a/></td>
  </tr>
</table>
